Toby's world shattered when he found his grandfather's phone lying abandoned on the sidewalk. A chill ran down his spine as he saw a missed call from an unknown number. He dialed it back, his heart pounding. A gruff voice on the other end told him to come to the old abandoned mill on the edge of town, immediately. Toby's blood ran cold. He knew something was terribly wrong.

He raced to the mill, fear gnawing at his insides. The air hung heavy with the stench of decay and damp wood. Inside, he found his grandfather bound and gagged, a menacing figure looming over him with a gun. "Let him go!" Toby shouted, his voice trembling. The man sneered, "He's staying right here unless you bring me what I want." Toby's mind raced. He had to save his grandfather, but what could he possibly offer this madman?

The man dragged Toby deeper into the mill, into a dark, cavernous room. The only light came from a single flickering bulb, casting long, grotesque shadows. Toby could hear whispers and rustling in the darkness, sending shivers down his spine. The man pressed the gun against Toby's temple, his voice cold and menacing. "Give me the amulet, boy, or your grandfather dies." Toby refused, his heart pounding in his chest. He knew the amulet was just a silly trinket, but it was all he had left of his grandmother.

Suddenly, Toby remembered the small pocketknife his grandfather had given him for protection. He gripped it tightly, his hand slick with sweat. He lunged at the man, the knife flashing in the dim light. The man laughed, easily deflecting the attack. He raised the gun, his finger tightening on the trigger. "Five," he hissed, "Four, three..." Just as he reached "one," a shot rang out. The man crumpled to the floor, a look of shock on his face. Toby stared in disbelief as his grandfather, somehow managing to free one hand, had pulled a hidden gun and fired.

Toby rushed to his grandfather's side, cutting the ropes that bound him. They stumbled out of the mill, the darkness of the forest pressing in around them. Toby knew they weren't safe yet. The whispers in the darkness seemed to follow them, a chilling reminder of the danger that lurked within the woods. The police had warned him about the disappearances, the bodies found in the forest. Now, Toby had a new mission: to find out who was responsible and make sure no one else suffered the same fate. He knew it would be dangerous, but he couldn't let fear stop him. He owed it to his grandfather, to himself, and to everyone who had vanished into the darkness. 


